This Xiao Wuji is too outrageous
Today is the big day for him to marry Mu Yin
He's good
It's half an hour late
Did he take Mu Yan
Pay attention to us elders.
Aunt, please say less
He is the owner of the Promise Palace
All over the world
If he hears
Maybe it will destroy you all over the door
I am Mu Yan's aunt
He dares to destroy me
Wouldn't that put my mother
Are all brothers and sisters included?
He wouldn't dare to lend him eight guts
No hurry, this kid is very measured
Something must have been delayed on the way.
Let's wait.
Why did you just come?
I'm so sorry.
Everyone is in a hurry
Excuse me.
Traffic jam on the road
Homework is late
We'll be a family soon
You're welcome. Take a ride.
We're not engaged yet
Made us wait so long
It would be great if we were married
Aunt Wuji has said
He was late because there was a traffic jam on the road.
Mu Yan, you are not married yet
Why did this elbow turn out?
It's me, I'm standing up for you.
Otherwise it's married
This Xiao Wuji can't bully you to death